= amqp-hermes

A wrapper around ruby-amqp to make pub/sub live more easy.

== Synopsis

=== Sending a message

  # plain and simple
  tr = AMQP::Hermes::Transmitter.new("test.queue.testing")
  tr.transmit "payload"

  # or as json
  tr.transmit { :foo => "bar", :quex => "stuff" }.to_json

  # with AMQP options
  tr.transmit "payload", :persistent => true

  # on a different queue
  tr.transmit "payload", :routing_key => "test.queue.real"
  

=== Receiving a message with the simple build in handler

  re = AMQP::Hermes::Receiver.new("test.queue")  # will listen on routing_key
                                                 # test.queue.* be default
  while !re.messages.any?
    sleep 0.1
  end

  puts re.messages.first.payload

=== Receiving with a custom handler

  class MyCustomHandler
    def receive(message)
      if message.headers.routing_key =~ /test/
        $stderr.puts "Just a test, nothing to worry about"
        $stderr.puts message.payload

      else
        # ... do something incredible

      end
    end
  end

  re = AMQP::Hermes::Receiver.new("test.queue",
    :handler => MyCustomHandler.new
  )

  while(true); 
    # the receiver is at the ball now
  end

== Contributing to amqp-hermes
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented
  or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it
  and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want
  to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but
  please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Wyngle, http://wyngle.com/. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

